WORDPRESS THEME DEVELOPMENT PROJECT

International Desserts is showcasing desserts around the world searchable by single ingredients that are shared amongst different cultures. 

STEPS

1. Copied a layout from a tutorial,
2. Kept the styling the same (to be addressed and updated later)
3. Used Menu navigation from WP and registered menu items through *must use*  functions in separate folder. (linking needs to happen)
4. Front page - dynamically pulling in events and blog posts, number of posts on the front page are limited.
5. Selected Countries -
     a. Working on a few countries for now, linking through CUSTOM FORMS relational data that connects the ingredient to the country. This way it
    can be shared by multiple countries.
     b. Updated Banners for each page to feature an image from the CUSTOM FORM of an edited photo selected from that country. CROPPED to match dimensions
        ID'd in the cropping functions created and linked to a PLUG IN.
   Pastry Chefs
     a. Pastry Chefs - this is just a feature to have that will show information about selected chefs "known" for their desserts from their countries of origin/countries of influence
        They will only be linked to countries.
   Ingredients
     a. Need to link ingredients to Countries if not done so
   Page Banner Dynamic Content
     a. adding the subtitles for each country and ingredient page.
         Generated by ChatGPT. Manually entered.
   

    TO DO: NEED TO ADD A POST FOR ACTUAL DESSERTS. Doesnt have to be a recipe just to show information about a dessert that is common.
           Will be linked to: Ingredients and Country (COUNTRY is priority)
           UPDATE DESCRIPTIONS OF COUNTRIES DESSERT TRAITS. - use them in the beginning of the paragraphs with dummy text for the second paragraph
           FINISH/CONTINUE with tutorial add functions/code etc as relevant to my project
            UPDATE FRONT PAGE TO HAVE IMAGES in dynamic content show up instead of dates. Use custom field? Show country's flag
   BIG TO DO: To be done after tutorial is finished, code is done.
   RESTYLE EVERYTHING.
     UPDATE COLOR PALETTE
     CHANGE OVERLAY IN BANNERS
     
      
           
   
